[The trailer opens with shots of Vincent living the high life - attending extravagant parties, driving luxury cars, and lounging on his yacht.]

Narrator: Vincent has it all - money, power, and prestige. He's part of the elite, rubbing shoulders with the wealthiest people in the world.

[Cut to a shot of Vincent trying to pay for a pack of gum with his credit card, only to have it declined.]

Narrator: But when Vincent's fortune is lost overnight due to a disastrous crypto investment, he'll have to learn how the real world works.

[Cut to a shot of Vincent calling his investment firm in disbelief.]

Vincent: You invested all of MY money into a digital picture of a pink monkey!

Investment Firm: It was actually a very rare gold monkey NFT.

Vincent: I don't care! What will I do?

Investment Firm: Sadly, you'll have to figure that on your own. Since you no longer have assets with our investment firm, you are no longer our client. Good luck!

[Cut to shots of Vincent struggling to adapt to his new life - working multiple jobs, living in a rundown apartment, and trying to make ends meet.]

Narrator: Vincent will have to do the unthinkable - actually work. And he'll have to pretend to still be rich to not lose face in front of his friends.

[Cut to a shot of Vincent trying to impress his former wealthy friends while hiding his financial situation.]

Vincent: [nervously] Yes, I just bought a yacht. It's currently being painted in the South of France.

[Cut to a shot of Vincent struggling to make a fancy meal on a hotplate in his apartment.]

Narrator: He'll have to learn how to cook, how to clean, and how to survive in a world that doesn't care about his wealth.

[Cut to shots of Vincent connecting with real people and finding love with someone who isn't interested in his money.]

Narrator: But in the process, he might just find what truly matters - love, friendship, and a sense of purpose.

[Cut to shots of Vincent trying to navigate his new life while maintaining his facade.]

Narrator: Join Vincent on his hilarious journey of self-discovery in "The Billionaire Secret: From Riches to Rags," coming soon to a theater near you!

---

The cover of "The Billionaire Secret: From Riches to Rags" features a comical depiction of the film's main character, Vincent, standing in front of a luxurious mansion with a frown on his face and dressed in ragged clothes. His former wealthy friends can be seen in the background, living it up in their lavish lifestyles. The contrast between Vincent's new impoverished situation and his old life of excess is clearly illustrated, setting the tone for the comedic journey of self-discovery that the movie promises to deliver.

Possible all star cast:
Vincent - Will Ferrell
Love interest - Amy Adams
Vincent's wealthy friend - Bradley Cooper
Vincent's former assistant turned boss - Kristen Wiig
Convenience store clerk - Ken Jeong
Investment firm employee - John C. Reilly
Vincent's former chef - Kevin James
Vincent's former chauffeur - Michael Peña
