[The trailer opens with a shot of Bob Hersher, looking desperate and broke, cleaning his dental floss in the sink.]

Narrator: Bob Hersher is down on his luck, and doesn't have a penny to his name.

[Cut to a shot of Bob trying to put on a pair of pants that are way too small for him.]

Narrator: He's not the sharpest tool in the shed, but he's determined to make something of himself.

[Cut to a shot of Bob riding a bike with a flat tire, falling off and crashing into a pile of trash.]

Narrator: He'll stop at nothing to achieve his dreams, even if it means riding a bike with a flat tire and crashing into a pile of garbage.

[Cut to a shot of a man in a tuxedo approaching Bob at work.]

Narrator: But one day, a man in a tuxedo approaches Bob with an offer he can't refuse.

[Cut to a shot of Bob holding a stack of cash.]

Narrator: He's offered a million dollars to start a company, and if he can double the assets in a month, he gets to keep it.

[Cut to a shot of Bob with his new team, a group of misfits and oddballs.]

Narrator: With his new team of misfits and oddballs, Bob sets out to create the ultimate company.

[Cut to a shot of chaos and hilarity, as Bob and his team bumble their way through business challenges.]

Narrator: But with Bob's incompetence and his team's ridiculousness, can they pull it off? Or will they crash and burn?

[Cut to a shot of Bob, looking determined and ready to take on the challenge.]

Narrator: Find out in "The Million Dollar Bet", coming soon to a theater near you!

The cover of "The Million Dollar Bet" features Bob Hersher in his underwear and a business suit, looking out over the city from the top of a tall building through a window. He's holding a coffee mug and looks determined, but behind him on the side, chaos is unfolding. Workers are on fire, documents are flying everywhere, and it looks like the worst business in the world. The tagline reads: "They had a million dollars and a month to double it. What could go wrong?"

suggested cast:
    Jim Carrey as Bob Harsher
    Christopher Walken as Investor
    Rachel McAdams as Love Interest
    Danny McBride as Best Friend
    Will Ferrell as Business Rival

release date: 1999

